A door opens.
A fire starts.
A meteor shoots across the sky.
A monster appears.
An NPC appears.
A screech pierces the air.
A storm begins.
It becomes cloudy.
It starts to rain.
Someone feels ill.
A strange star appears in the sky.
A strong gust of wind blows through.
A tremor shakes the ground.
Someone experiences deja vu.
Someone gets angry.
Someone glimpses the future.
Someone has a sense of foreboding.
Someone has to go to the bathroom.
Something spills or falls to the ground.
Something isn’t where it’s supposed to be.
The lights go out.
The sun comes out.
There’s a foul smell in the air.
Unexplained magic occurs.
The bones of a whale, dire turtle or other giant sea creature are found far inland.
A magma pipe or vent, whether empty or steaming is below the surface.
You see post-volcanic structures like eroded trenches, agglomerate masses or solid volcanic necks (they look like rough stone towers).
The ruins of an ancient, possibly magical museum are seen.
The ruins of an ancient, possibly magical library is found, littered with indecipherable scrawlings.
The rotting corpse of a spy. Whatever cause of death you want.
Someone stumbles across the wreckage from a wagon hold-up or crash.
A mass incursion of some invasive plant or slow-moving lifeform, like barnacles or snails, into a stagnant pool.
A pervasive mist that seems to flicker with strange faces and lights.
Someone sees an abandoned tavern or inn.
Someone finds a faerie barrow inside a withered hill, seemingly abandoned.
Someone feels like they’re being watched.
A small river (with depth and speed depending on DM's choice of mood) with a quaint little bridge broken above it. Beneath the broken bridge is the sound of croaking frogs.
A large section of lava-rock, in which there are a number of pools, coloured strangely by the algae growing along the sides. The larger pools have exotic fish, from strange regions.
The forest around the party (can be replaced with other landscape) gives way to a great crevice in the ground, surrounded by ash. There doesn't seem to be anything living here now, though.
While on the road, the party meets a gnome merchant, who'll be willing to show them his wares.
Someone runs across a single, giant, world-tree style apple tree
Someone finds a damaged portrait of a beautiful woman, lying on the side of the road
Someone encounters a pair of lovers, chatting sweet and mushy stuff.
At a crossroads the party finds a gibbet, posted to the gibbet is a notice that tomorrow there will be a fiddling contest at the crossroads.
On the side of the path is a large pool lined with quartz cobbles. There are steps leading down into the pool, next to the steps is a stone lock box with an inscription that reads "bathing 5 coppers."
Off to the side of the path is a well maintained well, complete with a little cupola painted red.
The party stumbles across a drunk knight and an ogre singing a favourite tune off-key.
A small grove of pine trees with softly glowing pine cones.
In a large clearing in the forest (could be other terrain as well) a wheat field, with an apparently abandoned cart and scythes. If the scythes are touched they will spring to work gathering hey. The scythes do not radiate magic and will cease to work if brought beyond the clearing.
A pair of old women shouting at each other.
You come across a clearing with what looks like a tea party set up, but there is nobody to be seen. The tea and pastries are still piping hot.
Walking down a path the party hears a tinkling noise from above, there are wind chimes in the trees.